README.md, before:

# hello-world-in-every-language
A fun collection of “Hello World” programs written in as many programming languages as possible.

# 🌍 Hello World in Every Language

A gloriously unnecessary repository containing **Hello World** programs written in as many programming languages as possible.

Why?  
Because it's funny. Because it's classic. Because it's tradition.  
And because programmers can't resist adding one more language.

---

## 🚀 How it works

Each file in this repo prints:

Hello, World!

(or the closest equivalent in that language)

File names follow this format:

hello.<extension>

Examples:

- `hello.py`
- `hello.js`
- `hello.cpp`
- `hello.r`
- `hello.bf`
- `hello.whatever`

---

## 📚 Languages Included (so far)

- Python
- JavaScript
- C
- C++
- Java
- Rust
- Go
- Ruby
- PHP
- Swift
- Kotlin
- Bash
- Lua
- Perl
- Haskell
- TypeScript
- Brainfuck (yes really)
- Assembly
- More coming soon...

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Please add a new language!  
Rules:

1. File must print “Hello, World!”
2. Keep it small.
3. Add it in the right folder or root.
4. Add your language to the list above.
5. If you want, add the same language's hello world but in a different file format (still has to be the language's file format!!!) like "hello.rb" and "hello.ruby" are welcome to be two different files!

PRs welcome from beginners, experts, and interdimensional beings.

---

## 🪪 License

MIT License — do whatever you want with it.

---
## P.S.
I do these projects purely for fun, and I decided to upload them to GitHub to share with others. I am not asking or begging for a donation, but if you want to appreciate my work, feel free to donate! You can also send your GitHub username in the "Note" section of the donation page, so I can give you a shout-out in the next repository. Stay tuned for more!

This is my Revolut Payment Link:
[Thank you so much!](https://revolut.me/andreygdl9)

Commit message:

Update README to specify folder creation for new languages
Clarified rule about folder structure for new languages.

README.md, after:

# hello-world-in-every-language
A fun collection of “Hello World” programs written in as many programming languages as possible.

# 🌍 Hello World in Every Language

A gloriously unnecessary repository containing **Hello World** programs written in as many programming languages as possible.

Why?  
Because it's funny. Because it's classic. Because it's tradition.  
And because programmers can't resist adding one more language.

---

## 🚀 How it works

Each file in this repo prints:

Hello, World!

(or the closest equivalent in that language)

File names follow this format:

hello.<extension>

Examples:

- `hello.py`
- `hello.js`
- `hello.cpp`
- `hello.r`
- `hello.bf`
- `hello.whatever`

---

## 📚 Languages Included (so far)

- Python
- JavaScript
- C
- C++
- Java
- Rust
- Go
- Ruby
- PHP
- Swift
- Kotlin
- Bash
- Lua
- Perl
- Haskell
- TypeScript
- Brainfuck (yes really)
- Assembly
- More coming soon...

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Please add a new language!  
Rules:

1. File must print “Hello, World!”
2. Keep it small.
3. Add it in the right folder (or create a new folder for new languages).
4. Add your language to the list above.
5. If you want, add the same language's hello world but in a different file format (still has to be the language's file format!!!) like "hello.rb" and "hello.ruby" are welcome to be two different files!

PRs welcome from beginners, experts, and interdimensional beings.

---

## 🪪 License

MIT License — do whatever you want with it.

---
## P.S.
I do these projects purely for fun, and I decided to upload them to GitHub to share with others. I am not asking or begging for a donation, but if you want to appreciate my work, feel free to donate! You can also send your GitHub username in the "Note" section of the donation page, so I can give you a shout-out in the next repository. Stay tuned for more!

This is my Revolut Payment Link:
[Thank you so much!](https://revolut.me/andreygdl9)
